Fixes to the demo user stuff (#78)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/general/general-info.adoc

[source,bash]
----
IDM_CREATE_DEMO_USERS=true \
ocis server
----

[caption=]
.Demo users and groups created by the above command
[width="80%",cols="30%,30%,45%,25%,40%",options="header"]
|===
| Username
| Password
| Email
| Role
| Groups

| admin
| admin
| \admin@example.org
| admin
| users

| einstein
| relativity
| \einstein@example.org
| user
| users, +
philosophy-haters, +
physics-lovers, +
sailing-lovers, +
violin-haters

| marie
| radioactivity
| \marie@example.org
| user
| users, +
physics-lovers, +
polonium-lovers, +
radium-lovers

| moss
| vista
| \moss@example.org
| admin
| users

| richard
| superfluidity
| \richard@example.org
| user
| users, +
philosophy-haters, +
physics-lovers, +
quantum-lovers

| katherine
| gemini
| \katherine@example.org
| space admin
| users, +
sailing-lovers, +
physics-lovers, +
quantum-lovers
|===

You can now login with one of the users created using the `OCIS_URL` in you browser like `\https://localhost:9200`. 

=== Manage Users and Groups

> When you have enabled demo users and groups and you want to manage or delete them, open the webui like `\https://localhost:9200`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have enabled demo users and groups and you want to manage or delete them, use the web UI, e.g. `\https://localhost:9200`.
```
